I
dr. Madsen
how pleased I am to see haha oh this is
dr. Matheson actually that's not
oh I'm sorry I'm sitting there are two
kinds of people out there with a special
gift
the ones who really think they have some
kind of power and the other guys who
think we can't figure them out no Leo
correct your position you're right
Richard Vargas I'm gonna meet your
father us in the name of God they're
both wrong so have you been working for
Matheson law or are you a psychologist
too or magician actually I'm a physicist
so why do you do this do what
investigate faked paranormal stuff sign
in silver perhaps the most celebrated
psychic of all time will visit us here
is just under three weeks there will be
a mad rush for tickets are there no real
challenges left out there Solar is a
real challenge Silver's already been
investigated elek 30 years ago we should
investigate him now forget about silver
Tom bear certain things it's better not
to know
he's dangerous to stay away from
there's only one way gainey access to
the truth
you've got like the energy
what's going on
challenging me are you questioning my
power
soon
you